Figure with 11 individual charts. Briefly, these are 6 different bar charts, a genomic range annotation track with text and chart with rectangles, 3 different charts with connections and a ideogram and chart with rectangles and left and right triangles.Bar chart. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars.  The color of the bars is green. Bar chart. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars.  The color of the bars is gray. Bar chart. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars.  The color of the bars is sky blue. Bar chart. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars.  The color of the bars is purple. Bar chart. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars.  The color of the bars is dark orange. Bar chart. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars.  The color of the bars is purple. Genomic range annotation track with text and chart with rectangles. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the text, text, rectangles, rectangles, rectangles and lines.  Chart with connections. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The height of the connections indicates the different categories. The color of the connections is none. Chart with connections. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The height of the connections indicates the different categories. The color of the connections is none. Chart with connections. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The height of the connections indicates the different categories. The color of the connections is none. Ideogram and chart with rectangles and left and right triangles. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The color of the rectangles indicates the different categories. The color of the rectangles is purple. The color of the right triangles is maroon. The color of the left triangles is maroon. The x-axis has a brush, linking to one of the other charts. 