Figure with 3 individual charts. Briefly, these are a chart with left triangles, chart with right triangles, ideogram, ideogram, ideogram and chart with text, a bar chart and chart with text and a ideogram, chart with right triangles, chart with left triangles and chart with text.Chart with left triangles, chart with right triangles, ideogram, ideogram, ideogram and chart with text. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the left triangles. The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the right triangles. The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the rectangles. The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the rectangles. The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the rectangles. The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the text.  Bar chart and chart with text. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars. The color of the bars indicates the different categories. The color of the text indicates the different categories.  Ideogram, chart with right triangles, chart with left triangles and chart with text. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The color of the rectangles indicates the different categories. The color of the right triangles indicates the different categories. The color of the left triangles indicates the different categories. The color of the text indicates the different categories.  