Figure with 9 individual charts. Briefly, these are 3 different genomic range annotation track with texts, 3 different charts with bars and points and 3 different bar charts.Genomic range annotation track with text. Chart is titled 'HiGlass'. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the right triangles, text, left triangles, rectangles, lines and lines.  Chart with bars and points. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown on the x-axis.  The height of the bars indicates the different categories. The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the points. The color of the bars is lightgray. Bar chart. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars. The color of the bars indicates the different categories.  Genomic range annotation track with text. Chart is titled 'HiGlass'. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the right triangles, text, left triangles, rectangles, lines and lines.  Chart with bars and points. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown on the x-axis.  The height of the bars indicates the different categories. The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the points. The color of the bars is lightgray. Bar chart. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars. The color of the bars indicates the different categories.  Genomic range annotation track with text. Chart is titled 'HiGlass'. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the right triangles, text, left triangles, rectangles, lines and lines.  Chart with bars and points. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown on the x-axis.  The height of the bars indicates the different categories. The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the points. The color of the bars is lightgray. Bar chart. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars. The color of the bars indicates the different categories.  