Figure with 3 individual charts. Briefly, these are a genomic range annotation track with text, a bar chart and chart with text and a ideogram and chart with text and left and right triangles.Genomic range annotation track with text. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the left triangles. The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the right triangles. The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the rectangles. The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the rectangles. The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the rectangles. The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the text.  Bar chart and chart with text. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars. The color of the bars indicates the different categories. The color of the text indicates the different categories.  Ideogram and chart with text and left and right triangles. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The color of the rectangles indicates the different categories. The color of the right triangles indicates the different categories. The color of the left triangles indicates the different categories. The color of the text indicates the different categories.  