Figure with 9 individual charts. Briefly, these are a heat map, 3 different bar charts, a line chart and scatter plot, 2 different scatter plots, a chart with area displayed and a chart with connections.Heat map. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The expression values are encoded using color intensity. The chart is stratified by rows for the categories.  Bar chart. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars. The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the bars.  Bar chart. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars. The color of the bars indicates the different categories.  Line chart and scatter plot. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with lines and points. The height of the expression values is shown with the size-axis. The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the lines and points.  Scatter plot. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The expression values are shown with points on the y and size-axes. The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the points.  Scatter plot. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The expression values are shown with points on the y and size-axes. The color of the points indicates the different categories.  Chart with area displayed. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with area displayed. The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the area displayed.  Bar chart. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The expression values are shown with bars on the y and ye-axes. The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the bars.  Chart with connections. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The color of the connections indicates the different categories.  