Figure with 5 individual charts. Briefly, these are 3 different bar charts, a chart with left triangles, chart with right triangles, ideogram, ideogram, ideogram and chart with text and a chart with text, ideogram, chart with rectangles, chart with right triangles and chart with left triangles.Bar chart. Chart is titled 'Individual Marks'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars. The color of the bars indicates the different categories.  Bar chart. Chart is titled 'Group Marks By Sample'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars. The color of the bars indicates the different categories.  Bar chart. Chart is titled 'Group Marks By Genomic Position'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars. The color of the bars indicates the different categories.  Chart with left triangles, chart with right triangles, ideogram, ideogram, ideogram and chart with text. Chart is titled 'Group Marks By Gene'. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the left triangles. The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the right triangles. The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the rectangles. The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the rectangles. The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the rectangles. The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the text.  Chart with text, ideogram, chart with rectangles, chart with right triangles and chart with left triangles. Chart is titled 'Group Marks By Chromosome'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The color of the rectangles indicates the different categories. The color of the text is black. The color of the rectangles is purple. The color of the right triangles is maroon. The color of the left triangles is maroon. 