Figure with 23 individual charts. Briefly, these are a circular ideogram, a circular chart with text, 5 different circular charts with rectangles, a circular chart with connections, a ideogram and chart with left and right triangles, a chart with text, 6 different charts with vertical lines, a genomic range annotation track with text, a scatter plot, 4 different charts with rectangles and a chart with connections, horizontal and vertical lines and left and right triangles.Circular ideogram. Chart is titled 'Ideogram'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The color of the rectangles indicates the different categories.  The x-axis has a brush, linking to the other chart. Circular chart with text. Chart is titled 'Putative Driver'. The genome is shown on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The color of the text is black. Circular chart with rectangles. The genome is shown on the x-axis.   The color of the rectangles is lightgray. Circular chart with rectangles. Chart is titled 'Gain'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.   The color of the rectangles is sky blue. Circular chart with rectangles. The genome is shown on the x-axis.   The color of the rectangles is lightgray. Circular chart with rectangles. Chart is titled 'Loss of Heterozygosity (LOH)'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.   The color of the rectangles is dark orange. Circular chart with rectangles. The genome is shown on the x-axis.   The color of the rectangles is lightgray. Circular chart with connections. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The categories are shown with the color and stroke of the connections.  Ideogram and chart with left and right triangles. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The color of the rectangles, right triangles and left triangles indicates the different categories.  Chart with text. Chart is titled 'Putative Driver'. The genome is shown on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The color of the text is black. Chart with vertical lines. The genome is shown on the x-axis.   The color of the lines is lightgray. Genomic range annotation track with text. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the left triangles. The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the right triangles. The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the rectangles. The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the rectangles. The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the rectangles. The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the text.  Scatter plot. Chart is titled 'Point Mutation'. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with points. The color of the points indicates the different categories.  Chart with vertical lines. The genome is shown on the x-axis.   The color of the lines is lightgray. Chart with rectangles. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the rectangles.  Chart with vertical lines. The genome is shown on the x-axis.   The color of the lines is lightgray. Chart with rectangles. Chart is titled 'Copy Number Variants'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with rectangles.  The color of the rectangles is gray. Chart with vertical lines. The genome is shown on the x-axis.   The color of the lines is lightgray. Chart with rectangles. Chart is titled 'Gain'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.   The color of the rectangles is sky blue. Chart with vertical lines. The genome is shown on the x-axis.   The color of the lines is lightgray. Chart with rectangles. Chart is titled 'Loss of Heterozygosity (LOH)'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.   The color of the rectangles is dark orange. Chart with vertical lines. The genome is shown on the x-axis.   The color of the lines is lightgray. Chart with connections, horizontal and vertical lines and left and right triangles. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown on the x-axis.  The categories are shown with the color and stroke of the connections. The categories are shown with the color and stroke of the connections. The categories are shown with the color and stroke of the connections. The categories are shown with the color and stroke of the connections. The categories are shown with the color and stroke of the connections. The color of the connections indicates the different categories. The categories are shown with the color and stroke of the connections. The categories are shown with the color and stroke of the connections. The categories are shown with the color and stroke of the connections. The categories are shown with the color and stroke of the connections. The color of the left triangles indicates the different categories. The color of the right triangles indicates the different categories. The color of the left triangles indicates the different categories. The color of the right triangles indicates the different categories. The stroke of the lines indicates the different categories. The stroke of the lines indicates the different categories. The color of the lines is black. The color of the lines is black. 