Figure with 12 individual charts. Briefly, these are 2 different genomic range annotation track and charts with rectangles, 6 different bar charts, 2 different charts with rectangles and left and right triangles and 2 different ideograms.Genomic range annotation track and chart with rectangles. Chart is titled 'Genes'. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The color of the rectangles, rectangles, rectangles and lines is navy blue. Bar chart. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars.  The color of the bars is purple. Bar chart. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars.  The color of the bars is purple. Bar chart. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars.  The color of the bars is purple. Chart with rectangles and left and right triangles. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.   The color of the rectangles, right triangles and left triangles is white. Ideogram. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The color of the rectangles indicates the different categories.  Chart with rectangles and left and right triangles. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.   The color of the rectangles, right triangles and left triangles is white. Ideogram. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The color of the rectangles indicates the different categories.  Bar chart. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars.  The color of the bars is purple. Bar chart. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars.  The color of the bars is purple. Bar chart. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars.  The color of the bars is purple. Genomic range annotation track and chart with rectangles. Chart is titled 'Genes'. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The color of the rectangles, rectangles, rectangles and lines is navy blue. 