Figure with 9 individual charts. Briefly, these are 3 different charts with right triangles, chart with text, chart with left triangles, ideogram, chart with vertical lines and chart with vertical lines, 3 different charts with bars and chart with points and 3 different bar charts.Chart with right triangles, chart with text, chart with left triangles, ideogram, chart with vertical lines and chart with vertical lines. Chart is titled 'HiGlass'. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the right triangles, text, left triangles, rectangles, lines and lines.  Chart with bars and chart with points. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown on the x-axis.  The height of the bars indicates the different categories. The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the points. The color of the bars is lightgray. Bar chart. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars. The color of the bars indicates the different categories.  Chart with right triangles, chart with text, chart with left triangles, ideogram, chart with vertical lines and chart with vertical lines. Chart is titled 'HiGlass'. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the right triangles, text, left triangles, rectangles, lines and lines.  Chart with bars and chart with points. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown on the x-axis.  The height of the bars indicates the different categories. The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the points. The color of the bars is lightgray. Bar chart. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars. The color of the bars indicates the different categories.  Chart with right triangles, chart with text, chart with left triangles, ideogram, chart with vertical lines and chart with vertical lines. Chart is titled 'HiGlass'. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the right triangles, text, left triangles, rectangles, lines and lines.  Chart with bars and chart with points. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown on the x-axis.  The height of the bars indicates the different categories. The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the points. The color of the bars is lightgray. Bar chart. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars. The color of the bars indicates the different categories.  