Figure with 8 individual charts. Briefly, these are 2 different charts with right triangles, chart with text, chart with left triangles, chart with rectangles, chart with vertical lines and chart with vertical lines and 6 different bar charts.Chart with right triangles, chart with text, chart with left triangles, chart with rectangles, chart with vertical lines and chart with vertical lines. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The color of the right triangles, text, left triangles, rectangles, lines and lines is silver. Bar chart. Chart is titled 'Sample 1'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars.  The color of the bars is silver. Bar chart. Chart is titled 'Sample 2'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars.  The color of the bars is sky blue. Bar chart. Chart is titled 'Sample 3'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars.  The color of the bars is silver. Bar chart. Chart is titled 'Sample 1'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars.  The color of the bars is silver. Bar chart. Chart is titled 'Sample 2'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars.  The color of the bars is gray. Bar chart. Chart is titled 'Sample 3'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars.  The color of the bars is sky blue. Chart with right triangles, chart with text, chart with left triangles, chart with rectangles, chart with vertical lines and chart with vertical lines. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The color of the right triangles, text, left triangles, rectangles, lines and lines is gray. 