Figure with 11 individual charts. Briefly, these are a chart with right triangles, chart with text, chart with left triangles, ideogram, chart with vertical lines and chart with vertical lines, a chart with points, chart with text, chart with text and chart with text, a chart with connections, a chart with rectangles, a chart with right triangles, a chart with text, a chart with left triangles, a ideogram, 2 different charts with vertical lines and a chart with points.Chart with right triangles, chart with text, chart with left triangles, ideogram, chart with vertical lines and chart with vertical lines. Chart is titled 'hg38 | Transcript (Max. 15 Rows)'. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the right triangles, text, left triangles, rectangles, lines and lines.  Chart with points, chart with text, chart with text and chart with text. Chart is titled 'Likely Benign'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The color of the text indicates the different categories. The color of the text indicates the different categories. The color of the points is green. The color of the text is gray. Chart with connections. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.   The color of the connections is purple. Chart with rectangles. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.   The color of the rectangles is lightgray. Chart with right triangles. The genome is shown on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the right triangles.  Chart with text. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the text.  Chart with left triangles. The genome is shown on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the left triangles.  Ideogram. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the rectangles.  Chart with vertical lines. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the lines.  Chart with vertical lines. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the lines.  Chart with points. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the points.  