Figure with 12 individual charts. Briefly, these are 2 different charts with rectangles, chart with rectangles, chart with rectangles and chart with vertical lines, 6 different bar charts, 2 different charts with rectangles, chart with right triangles and chart with left triangles and 2 different ideograms.Chart with rectangles, chart with rectangles, chart with rectangles and chart with vertical lines. Chart is titled 'Genes'. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The color of the rectangles, rectangles, rectangles and lines is navy blue. Bar chart. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars.  The color of the bars is sky blue. Bar chart. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars.  The color of the bars is sky blue. Bar chart. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars.  The color of the bars is sky blue. Chart with rectangles, chart with right triangles and chart with left triangles. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.   The color of the rectangles, right triangles and left triangles is white. Ideogram. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The color of the rectangles indicates the different categories.  Chart with rectangles, chart with right triangles and chart with left triangles. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.   The color of the rectangles, right triangles and left triangles is white. Ideogram. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The color of the rectangles indicates the different categories.  Bar chart. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars.  The color of the bars is sky blue. Bar chart. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars.  The color of the bars is sky blue. Bar chart. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars.  The color of the bars is sky blue. Chart with rectangles, chart with rectangles, chart with rectangles and chart with vertical lines. Chart is titled 'Genes'. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The color of the rectangles, rectangles, rectangles and lines is navy blue. 