Figure with 15 individual charts. Briefly, these are 7 different unknown charts, a circular chart with connections, a chart with text, 4 different charts with rectangles and 2 different charts with bars.Unknown chart. Chart is titled 'Patient Overview (PD35930a)'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The color of the undefined indicates the different categories.  Unknown chart. Chart is titled 'Putative Driver'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.   The color of the undefined is black. Unknown chart. Chart is titled 'LOH'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.   The color of the undefined is persimmon. Unknown chart. Chart is titled 'Gain'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.   The color of the undefined is de york. Circular chart with connections. Chart is titled 'Structural Variant'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The categories are shown with the color of the connections.  Unknown chart. Chart is titled 'Ideogram'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The color of the undefined indicates the different categories.  Chart with text. Chart is titled 'Putative Driver'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.   The color of the text is black. Unknown chart. Chart is titled 'hg38 | Genes'.   The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the undefined.  Chart with rectangles. Chart is titled 'LOH'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.   The color of the rectangles is persimmon. Chart with rectangles. Chart is titled 'Gain'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.   The color of the rectangles is de york. Unknown chart. Chart is titled 'Structural Variant'.   The categories are shown with the color of the undefined.  Chart with bars. Chart is titled 'example_higlass.bam'.     Chart with rectangles. Chart is titled 'example_higlass.bam'.   The chart is stratified by rows for the categories.  Chart with bars. Chart is titled 'example_higlass.bam'.     Chart with rectangles. Chart is titled 'example_higlass.bam'.   The chart is stratified by rows for the categories.  