Figure with 15 individual charts. Briefly, these are a circular ideogram, a circular chart with text and circular chart with triangles, 2 different circular charts with rectangles, a circular chart with connections, a ideogram, chart with right triangles, chart with left triangles and chart with text, a chart with text, a chart with right triangles, chart with text, chart with left triangles, ideogram, chart with vertical lines and chart with vertical lines, 2 different charts with rectangles, a chart with connections, chart with points and chart with points, 2 different bar charts and 2 different ideogram and charts with rectangles.Circular ideogram. Chart is titled 'Patient Overview (PD35930a)'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The color of the rectangles indicates the different categories.  The x-axis has a brush, linking to the other chart. Circular chart with text and circular chart with triangles. Chart is titled 'Putative Driver'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.   The color of the text and triangles is black. Circular chart with rectangles. Chart is titled 'LOH'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.   The color of the rectangles is dark orange. The x-axis has a brush, linking to the other chart. Circular chart with rectangles. Chart is titled 'Gain'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.   The color of the rectangles is gray. The x-axis has a brush, linking to the other chart. Circular chart with connections. Chart is titled 'Structural Variant'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The categories are shown with the color and stroke of the connections.  Ideogram, chart with right triangles, chart with left triangles and chart with text. Chart is titled 'Ideogram'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The color of the rectangles indicates the different categories. The color of the right triangles indicates the different categories. The color of the left triangles indicates the different categories. The color of the text indicates the different categories.  Chart with text. Chart is titled 'Putative Driver'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.   The color of the text is black. Chart with right triangles, chart with text, chart with left triangles, ideogram, chart with vertical lines and chart with vertical lines. Chart is titled 'hg38 | Genes'. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the right triangles, text, left triangles, rectangles, lines and lines.  The x and y-axes have brushes, linking to one of the other charts. Chart with rectangles. Chart is titled 'LOH'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.   The color of the rectangles is dark orange. Chart with rectangles. Chart is titled 'Gain'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.   The color of the rectangles is gray. Chart with connections, chart with points and chart with points. Chart is titled 'Structural Variant'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown on the x-axis.  The categories are shown with the color and stroke of the connections, points and points.  Bar chart. Chart is titled 'example_higlass.bam'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars.  The color of the bars is silver. Ideogram and chart with rectangles. Chart is titled 'example_higlass.bam'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the rectangles.  Bar chart. Chart is titled 'example_higlass.bam'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars.  The color of the bars is silver. Ideogram and chart with rectangles. Chart is titled 'example_higlass.bam'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the rectangles.  