Figure with 11 individual charts. Briefly, these are a genomic range annotation track with text, a chart with points and text, a chart with connections, 2 different genomic range annotation tracks, 2 different genomic position annotation tracks, a chart with text, 2 different charts with vertical lines and a chart with points.Genomic range annotation track with text. Chart is titled 'hg38 | Transcript (Max. 15 Rows)'. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the right triangles, text, left triangles, rectangles, lines and lines.  Chart with points and text. Chart is titled 'Likely Benign'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The color of the text indicates the different categories. The color of the text indicates the different categories. The color of the points is green. The color of the text is gray. Chart with connections. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.   The color of the connections is purple. Genomic range annotation track. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.   The color of the rectangles is lightgray. Genomic position annotation track. The genome is shown on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the right triangles.  Chart with text. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the text.  Genomic position annotation track. The genome is shown on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the left triangles.  Genomic range annotation track. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the rectangles.  Chart with vertical lines. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the lines.  Chart with vertical lines. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the lines.  Chart with points. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the points.  