Figure with 9 individual charts. Briefly, these are a circular heat map, 3 different circular bar charts, 2 different circular scatter plots, a circular line chart and circular scatter plot, a circular chart with area displayed and a circular chart with connections.Circular heat map. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The expression values are encoded using color intensity. The chart is stratified by rows for the categories.  Circular bar chart. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars. The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the bars.  Circular scatter plot. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The expression values are shown with points on the y and size-axes. The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the points.  Circular scatter plot. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The expression values are shown with points on the y and size-axes. The color of the points indicates the different categories.  Circular line chart and circular scatter plot. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with lines and points. The height of the expression values is shown with the size-axis. The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The color of the lines is sushi. The color of the points is biloba flower. Circular bar chart. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars. The color of the bars indicates the different categories.  Circular chart with area displayed. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with area displayed. The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the area displayed.  Circular chart with connections. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The color of the connections indicates the different categories.  Circular bar chart. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The expression values are shown with bars on the y and ye-axes. The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the bars.  