Figure with 23 individual charts. Briefly, these are 3 different unknown charts, a circular chart with text, 5 different circular charts with rectangles, a circular chart with connections, a chart with text, 6 different charts with vertical lines, a scatter plot, 4 different charts with rectangles and a chart with connections.Unknown chart. Chart is titled 'Ideogram'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The color of the undefined indicates the different categories.  Circular chart with text. Chart is titled 'Putative Driver'. The genome is shown on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The color of the text is black. Circular chart with rectangles. The genome is shown on the x-axis.   The color of the rectangles is lightgray. Circular chart with rectangles. Chart is titled 'Gain'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.   The color of the rectangles is picton blue. Circular chart with rectangles. The genome is shown on the x-axis.   The color of the rectangles is lightgray. Circular chart with rectangles. Chart is titled 'Loss of Heterozygosity (LOH)'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.   The color of the rectangles is hot cinnamon. Circular chart with rectangles. The genome is shown on the x-axis.   The color of the rectangles is lightgray. Circular chart with connections.   The categories are shown with the color of the connections.  Unknown chart. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The color of the undefined indicates the different categories.  Chart with text. Chart is titled 'Putative Driver'. The genome is shown on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The color of the text is black. Chart with vertical lines. The genome is shown on the x-axis.   The color of the lines is lightgray. Unknown chart.     Scatter plot. Chart is titled 'Point Mutation'. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with points. The color of the points indicates the different categories.  Chart with vertical lines. The genome is shown on the x-axis.   The color of the lines is lightgray. Chart with rectangles. The genome is shown on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the rectangles.  Chart with vertical lines. The genome is shown on the x-axis.   The color of the lines is lightgray. Chart with rectangles. Chart is titled 'Copy Number Variants'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.    Chart with vertical lines. The genome is shown on the x-axis.   The color of the lines is lightgray. Chart with rectangles. Chart is titled 'Gain'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.   The color of the rectangles is picton blue. Chart with vertical lines. The genome is shown on the x-axis.   The color of the lines is lightgray. Chart with rectangles. Chart is titled 'Loss of Heterozygosity (LOH)'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.   The color of the rectangles is hot cinnamon. Chart with vertical lines. The genome is shown on the x-axis.   The color of the lines is lightgray. Chart with connections.   The categories are shown with the color of the connections.  