Figure with 12 individual charts. Briefly, these are 7 different bar charts, a unknown chart, 3 different charts with connections and a ideogram, chart with rectangles, chart with triangles and chart with triangles.Bar chart. Chart is titled 'Excitatory neurons'. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars.  The color of the bars is sandy brown. Bar chart. Chart is titled 'Inhibitory neurons'. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars.  The color of the bars is shamrock. Bar chart. Chart is titled 'Dopaminergic neurons'. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars.  The color of the bars is waikawa gray. Bar chart. Chart is titled 'Microglia'. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars.  The color of the bars is malibu. Bar chart. Chart is titled 'Oligodendrocytes'. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars.  The color of the bars is medium purple. Bar chart. Chart is titled 'Astrocytes'. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars.  The color of the bars is valencia. Bar chart. Chart is titled 'OPCs'. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars.  The color of the bars is light orchid. Unknown chart. Chart is titled 'Genes'.   The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the undefined.  Chart with connections. Chart is titled 'PLAC-seq (H3K4me3) Nott et al.'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The height of the connections indicates the different categories. The color of the connections is none. Chart with connections. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The height of the connections indicates the different categories. The color of the connections is none. Chart with connections. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The height of the connections indicates the different categories. The color of the connections is none. Ideogram, chart with rectangles, chart with triangles and chart with triangles. Chart is titled 'chr3'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The color of the rectangles indicates the different categories. The color of the rectangles is portage. The color of the triangles is bright red. The color of the triangles is bright red. The x-axis has a brush, linking to one of the other charts. 