Figure with 12 individual charts. Briefly, these are a ideogram, chart with rectangles, chart with right triangles and chart with left triangles, 7 different bar charts, a chart with text, chart with text, chart with rectangles, chart with rectangles, ideogram and chart with vertical lines and 3 different charts with connections.Ideogram, chart with rectangles, chart with right triangles and chart with left triangles. Chart is titled 'chr3'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The color of the rectangles indicates the different categories. The color of the rectangles is silver. The color of the right triangles is maroon. The color of the left triangles is maroon. The x-axis has a brush, linking to one of the other charts. Bar chart. Chart is titled 'Excitatory neurons'. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars.  The color of the bars is pink. Bar chart. Chart is titled 'Inhibitory neurons'. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars.  The color of the bars is green. Bar chart. Chart is titled 'Dopaminergic neurons'. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars.  The color of the bars is gray. Bar chart. Chart is titled 'Microglia'. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars.  The color of the bars is sky blue. Bar chart. Chart is titled 'Oligodendrocytes'. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars.  The color of the bars is pink. Bar chart. Chart is titled 'Astrocytes'. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars.  The color of the bars is dark orange. Bar chart. Chart is titled 'OPCs'. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars.  The color of the bars is pink. Chart with text, chart with text, chart with rectangles, chart with rectangles, ideogram and chart with vertical lines. Chart is titled 'Genes'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the text, text, rectangles, rectangles, rectangles and lines.  Chart with connections. Chart is titled 'PLAC-seq (H3K4me3) Nott et al.'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The height of the connections indicates the different categories. The color of the connections is none. Chart with connections. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The height of the connections indicates the different categories. The color of the connections is none. Chart with connections. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The height of the connections indicates the different categories. The color of the connections is none. 