Figure with 8 individual charts. Briefly, these are 2 different genomic range annotation track with texts and 6 different bar charts.Genomic range annotation track with text. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The color of the right triangles, text, left triangles, rectangles, lines and lines is green. Bar chart. Chart is titled 'Sample 1'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars.  The color of the bars is sky blue. Bar chart. Chart is titled 'Sample 2'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars.  The color of the bars is green. Bar chart. Chart is titled 'Sample 3'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars.  The color of the bars is sky blue. Bar chart. Chart is titled 'Sample 1'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars.  The color of the bars is sky blue. Bar chart. Chart is titled 'Sample 2'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars.  The color of the bars is sky blue. Bar chart. Chart is titled 'Sample 3'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars.  The color of the bars is pink. Genomic range annotation track with text. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The color of the right triangles, text, left triangles, rectangles, lines and lines is purple. 