Figure with 6 individual charts. Briefly, these are 5 different genomic range annotation track with texts and a genomic range annotation track with text and chart with rectangles.Genomic range annotation track with text. Chart is titled 'HiGlass'. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the right triangles, text, left triangles, rectangles, lines and lines.  Genomic range annotation track with text and chart with rectangles. Chart is titled 'Corces et al.'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the text, text, rectangles, rectangles, rectangles and lines.  Genomic range annotation track with text. Chart is titled 'IGV'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The color of the text is navy. The color of the rectangles is navy. The color of the lines is white. The color of the lines is white. Genomic range annotation track with text. Chart is titled 'Cyverse-QUBES'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The color of the text is black. The color of the right triangles is gray. The color of the left triangles is gray. The color of the rectangles is lightgray. The color of the lines is gray. The color of the rectangles is purple. Genomic range annotation track with text. Chart is titled 'GmGDV'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the text, right triangles, left triangles, rectangles and lines.  Genomic range annotation track with text. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The color of the text is black. The color of the rectangles is gray. The color of the rectangles is pink. The color of the rectangles is silver. 