Figure with 19 individual charts. Briefly, these are 11 different bar charts, 6 different genomic position annotation tracks and 2 different matrixs.Bar chart. Chart is titled 'HFFc6_H3K4me3'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars.  The color of the bars is purple. Bar chart. Chart is titled 'HFFc6_ATAC'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars.  The color of the bars is darkgreen. Bar chart. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars.  The color of the bars is orange. Genomic position annotation track. The genome is shown on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The color of the right triangles is pink. Genomic position annotation track. Chart is titled 'HFFC6_CTCF'. The genome is shown on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The color of the left triangles is green. Bar chart. Chart is titled 'HFFc6_H3K4me3'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars.  The color of the bars is purple. Bar chart. Chart is titled 'HFFc6_ATAC'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars.  The color of the bars is darkgreen. Bar chart. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars.  The color of the bars is orange. Genomic position annotation track. The genome is shown on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The color of the right triangles is pink. Genomic position annotation track. Chart is titled 'HFFC6_CTCF'. The genome is shown on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The color of the left triangles is green. Matrix. Chart is titled 'HFFc6_Micro-C'. The genome is shown on both the x- and y-axes. Both axes show intervals. The expression values are encoded using color intensity.   Bar chart. Chart is titled 'Epilogos (hg38)'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars. The color of the bars indicates the different categories.  Bar chart. Chart is titled 'HFFc6_H3K4me3'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars.  The color of the bars is purple. Bar chart. Chart is titled 'HFFc6_ATAC'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars.  The color of the bars is darkgreen. Bar chart. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars.  The color of the bars is orange. Genomic position annotation track. The genome is shown on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The color of the right triangles is pink. Genomic position annotation track. Chart is titled 'HFFC6_CTCF'. The genome is shown on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The color of the left triangles is green. Matrix. Chart is titled 'HFFc6_Hi-C'. The genome is shown on both the x- and y-axes. Both axes show intervals. The expression values are encoded using color intensity.   Bar chart. Chart is titled 'Epilogos (hg38)'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The expression is shown on the y-axis with bars. The color of the bars indicates the different categories.  