Figure with 4 individual charts. Briefly, these are a genomic range annotation track with text and chart with rectangles and 3 different genomic range annotation track with texts.Genomic range annotation track with text and chart with rectangles. Chart is titled 'Corces et al.'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the text, text, rectangles, rectangles, rectangles and lines.  Genomic range annotation track with text. Chart is titled 'IGV'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The color of the text is green. The color of the rectangles is green. The color of the lines is white. The color of the lines is white. Genomic range annotation track with text. Chart is titled 'GmGDV'. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The categories are also shown with the color of the text, right triangles, left triangles, rectangles and lines.  Genomic range annotation track with text. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis. The genome is shown in intervals on the x-axis.  The chart is stratified by rows for the categories. The color of the text is sky blue. The color of the rectangles is sky blue. The color of the rectangles is sky blue. The color of the rectangles is purple. 